Nepal
is home to the tallest peak in the world
—Mount Everest.
Located in the Himalayas,
it is bordered by China and India.
As of today, Nepal is home to over 2,200
of our brothers and sisters
who zealously preach the Kingdom good news
to its more than 27 million residents.
Tragically, on April 25,
everyday life
for the people of Nepal changed.
A 7.8-magnitude earthquake
shook the region
of Nepal’s capital, Kathmandu.
Nepal’s residents were now suffering
the effects of the most powerful earthquake
to hit that region in over 80 years.
We were caught by surprise
by this event.
We were not prepared
for destruction of this scale.
But I am happy to say
that our dear brothers and sisters
are coping with this situation
with calm spirit
and with true faith in Jehovah.
One hundred sixty-three homes
of our brothers were damaged,
91 of which were completely destroyed.
As a result of the devastation,
there was an acute shortage
of food, water,
and sanitary shelter.
Within 24 hours,
local brothers in less affected areas
and neighboring branch offices
coordinated and began
the distribution of relief supplies.
A local disaster relief committee was formed,
and a medical team was dispatched
to care for the physical and emotional needs
of those affected.
Simultaneously,
attention was given to providing
much-needed spiritual comfort
and encouragement.
Immediately after the first tremor,
elders of each congregation
started to contact
each member of their congregation.
Although there were frequent aftershocks,
elders and other brothers
personally went to the house
of each member
who could not be reached over the phone.
Since the first tremor hit us
on Saturday afternoon,
we were staying in the tents.
The very next day,
elders visited us.
They spoke with us,
inquired about our situation.
We are very encouraged.
But we are not worried
about clothing and food.
A sister helped us.
Within an hour,
elders came to help and encourage us.
They are visiting us daily;
it’s beautiful; we are happy.
Thank you.
On May 1,
Brother Gary Breaux,
a representative of world headquarters,
arrived to build up those
who had suffered losses.
A highlight of the visit
was a special meeting held on May 4,
which was streamed via the Internet
from a Kingdom Hall
to other congregations around the country.
All of this was only nine days
after the earthquake.
It is very clear
that Jehovah has provided
the needed help
spiritually,
mentally,
and physically
through his organization
and through his holy spirit.